Chore: (design systems rework) (#343)
chromaui/learnstorybook.com: content/design-systems-for-developers/react/en/document.md

}
```

Save and commit.

> For instance either [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) or even [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) are good choices as a deployment system for our docs site on every commit. But it's up to you how you want to deploy them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `build-storybook-docs` in your command line or continuous integration tool will output a static site in the "docs" configuration. Set up a static site deployment tool [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) or [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) to deploy the docs site on every commit. 
```

Author: Suggested wording applied per feedback. Marking it as resolved.
